S3 box update screenshots and steps (#34259)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/conversation.markdown

| `agent_id`             | yes      | ID of conversation agent. The conversation agent is the brains of the assistant. It processes the incoming text commands. |
| `conversation_id`      | yes      | ID of a new or previous conversation. Will continue an old conversation or start a new one.                               |

> This action is able to return [response data](/docs/scripts/service-calls/#use-templates-to-handle-response-data). The response is the same response as for the

Author: ```suggestion
This action is able to return [response data](/docs/scripts/perform-action/#use-templates-to-handle-response-data). The response is the same response as for the
```

> This action is able to return [response data](/docs/scripts/perform-action/#use-templates-to-handle-response-data). The response is the same response as for the

Author: ```suggestion
This action is able to return [response data](/docs/scripts/perform-actions/#use-templates-to-handle-response-data). The response is the same response as for the
```
